---
title : 自动快照存档
---

* TIME: 2021-02-05 22:54:23
* URL: <https://github.com/>

-----

Skip to content

GitHub no longer supports this web browser. [ Learn more about the browsers we
support. ](https://docs.github.com/articles/supported-browsers)

[ ](https://github.com/)

[ Sign up
](/join?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F&source=header-
home)

  * Why GitHub? 

[Features →](/features)

    * [Code review](/features/code-review/)
    * [Project management](/features/project-management/)
    * [Integrations](/features/integrations)
    * [Actions](/features/actions)
    * [Packages](/features/packages)
    * [Security](/features/security)
    * [Team management](/features#team-management)
    * [Hosting](/features#hosting)
    * [Mobile](/mobile)
    * [Customer stories →](/customer-stories)
    * [Security →](/security)

  * [Team](/team)
  * [Enterprise](/enterprise)
  * Explore 

    * [Explore GitHub →](/explore)

#### Learn & contribute

    * [Topics](/topics)
    * [Collections](/collections)
    * [Trending](/trending)
    * [Learning Lab](https://lab.github.com/)
    * [Open source guides](https://opensource.guide)

#### Connect with others

    * [Events](https://github.com/events)
    * [Community forum](https://github.community)
    * [GitHub Education](https://education.github.com)
    * [GitHub Stars program](https://stars.github.com)

  * [Marketplace](/marketplace)
  * Pricing 

[Plans →](/pricing)

    * [Compare plans](/pricing#feature-comparison)
    * [Contact Sales](https://enterprise.github.com/contact)
    * [Nonprofit →](/nonprofit)
    * [Education →](https://education.github.com)

![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/search-key-slash.svg)

  * [ ![]() Search  All GitHub  ↵ Jump to ↵ ]()

  * No suggested jump to results

  * [ ![]() Search  All GitHub  ↵ Jump to ↵ ]()
  * [ ![]() Search  All GitHub  ↵ Jump to ↵ ]()

[ Sign in ](/login) [ Sign up
](/join?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F&source=header-
home)

{{ message }}

# Where the world  
builds software

Millions of developers and companies build, ship, and maintain their software
on GitHub—the largest and most advanced development platform in the world.

Email address

    
Sign up for GitHub

## 56+ million

Developers

## 3+ million

Organizations

## 100+ million

Repositories

### 72%

Fortune 50

![Planet earth with visualization of GitHub activity crossing the
globe](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/globe.jpg)

![Planet earth with visualization of GitHub activity crossing the
globe](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/globe.jpg)

![Glowing
universe](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/hero-
glow.svg)

## Build like the best with GitHub Enterprise

Take collaboration to the next level with security and administrative features
built for teams.

[ Contact Sales
](https://enterprise.github.com/contact?ref_page=/&ref_cta=Contact%20Sales&ref_loc=billboard%20launchpad)

![Futuristic city
scape](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/enterprise-
city-w-logos.jpg)

Code  Collaborate  Develop  Automate  Secure  Community

[Sign up](/join?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=navigation+launchpad&ref_page=%2F)

## Give your code a  
home in the cloud

  * ### Record or rewind any change to your code to keep you and your team in sync. Host it all for free with unlimited public and private repositories.

[Sign up for GitHub  ](/join)

  * **jasonetco** added some commits 8 minutes ago
  * ![@jasonetco](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jasonetco) Updated README.md

![The resulting GitHub repository page from
pushing](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/repo-
browser.png)

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/folder.svg)

octocat-classifier

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/folder.svg)

assets

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/folder.svg)

tests

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

LICENSE

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

README.md

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

index.js

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

package.json

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

README.md

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

app.js

![File
icon](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/file.svg)

index.html

    
    
              1
              2
              3
              4
              5
              6
              7
              8
              9
              10
              11
              12
              13
              14
              15
              16
              17
              18
              19
              20
              21
              22
              23
              24
              25
              26
              27
              28
              29
              30
              
    
    
                  # Octocat Classifier :octopus: :cat: :mag:
    
                  ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/build-passing-brightgreen) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-90%25-green) ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/dependencies-up%20to%20date-brightgreen)
    
                  As the name suggests, Octocat Classifier is used to determine whether a given image contains an Octocat. It is trained with images from the [Octodex](1), images shared with [#MyOctocat on Twitter](2), and [photographs of laptops with :octocat: stickers on them]().
    
                  ## Installation
    
                  ```
                  git clone https://github.com/jasonetco/octocat-classifier
                  ```
                
    
    
              → ~/octocat-classifier gh repo create octocat-classifier
              ✓ Created repository jasonetco/octocat-classifier on GitHub
              ✓ Added remote https://github.com/jasonetco/octocat-classifier.git
    
              → ~/octocat-classifier git push origin main
            

![Light glowing behind the
editor](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/repo-editor-
glow.svg)

  * ![@jasonetco](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jasonetco) Support Octocats shared on Twitter
  * ![@jasonetco](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jasonetco) Created index.js
  * ## Build on what's  
been built

### Write less code thanks to the world's largest software package registry.
Find the best community-approved projects to accelerate your work, then share
it with the world with [npm](https://www.npmjs.com) and GitHub Packages.

    
                              → ~/octocat-classifier npm install eslint
                          + eslint@7.8.1
                            added 109 packages from 64 contributors and audited 109 packages in 3.491s
                           
                          9 packages are looking for funding
                            run `npm fund` for details
                          
                          found 0 vulnerabilities
                          → ~/octocat-classifier  
                        

![Light glowing behind the
editor](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/repo-
terminal-glow.svg)

  * ![@jasonetco](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jasonetco) Added package for javascript linting

git checkout -b origin add-status-screens

origin/add-status-screens

![@nplasterer](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/nplasterer)
![@ampinsk](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/ampinsk)
![@joshaber](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/joshaber)

#### +3 collaborators

## Ready player two. Scale your team to any size in the cloud.

[Create a new organization for free  ](/account/organizations/new)

![Timeline of a pull request on
GitHub](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/pr-
screen.png)

  * ### Better code starts with pull requests—conversations around your code where you can experiment, squash bugs, and build new features.

![Pull request description on
GitHub](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/pr-
description.png)

  * ### Code review is built in. Pull requests cover the entire review flow: propose changes, browse code, ask for input, make a suggestion, and sign off in one place.

![Pull request comment on
GitHub](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/pr-
comment.png)

  * ### Know when your pull request is ready to merge when everything’s green. Reviews approved? Check. Tests passing? Check check. No conflicts? Ship it already.

![Merge pull request on
GitHub](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/pr-merge.png)

  * git merge add-status-screens

![iPhone
notch](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/iphone-
notch.svg)

### Keep work moving. Review or merge code, manage notifications, browse
repositories, and more with [GitHub for mobile](/mobile).

#### Available for iOS and Android

  * [![Apple App Store](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-apple.svg)](https://apps.apple.com/app/github/id1477376905?ls=1)
  * [![Google Play Store](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-google.svg)](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.github.android)

![Viewing change log in GitHub
Desktop](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/gh-
desktop.png)

••• bash

    
    
                          ➜ ~ gh pr status
                          Relevant pull requests in cli/cli
    
                          Current branch
                          There is no pull request associated with [main]
    
                          Created by you
                          You have no open pull requests
    
                          Requesting a code review from you
                          #1401 Correctly handle and set empty fields... 
                          [octocat:emptyBody]
                          ✓ Checks passing
                          #1357 Added confirmation steps for risk... 
                          [octocat:confirmations]
                          x 1/3 checks failing
                          ➜ ~ 
                        

### Work however you want. Put a GUI on it with [GitHub
Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/) or stay in the command line with [GitHub
CLI](https://cli.github.com).

#### Available for macOS, Windows, and Linux*

  * ![macOS](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-apple.svg)
  * ![Windows](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-windows.svg)
  * ![Linux](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-linux.svg)

* GitHub CLI is available on macOS, Windows, and Linux  
* GitHub Desktop is available on macOS and Windows

## Instant dev environments with Codespaces

[Learn more about GitHub Codespaces  ](/features/codespaces)

### The future of code is in the cloud, not your local copy. Codespaces gives
you a complete, configurable dev environment on top of a powerful VM in
minutes.

### Visual Studio Code, in your browser, full stop. Codespaces brings the
world’s most popular desktop editor to every repo. Code, build, test, use the
terminal, and open pull requests from anywhere.

### Customize to your heart’s desire. Add your favorite VS Code extensions,
create a devcontainer config file, install new themes, and tweak your
settings.

![VS Code running in the browser with your project's code and development
environment running. A terminal panel is visiable in the
editor.](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codespaces-
vscode-1.png) ![VS Code running in the browser with your project's code and
development environment running. A terminal panel is visiable in the
editor.](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codespaces-
vscode-2.png) ![VS Code running in the browser with your project's code and
development environment running. A terminal panel is visiable in the
editor.](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codespaces-
vscode-3.png)

![Light glowing behind the
editor](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codespaces-
glow.svg)

## Automate anything with GitHub Actions

[Learn more about GitHub Actions  ](/features/actions)

### Setup CI/CD, enhance your DevOps, and script your entire workflow with
GitHub Actions. Kick off automated workflows with GitHub events like push,
issue creation, merge, and release.

![GitHub Actions web editor editing workflow file showcasing
autocomplete](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/actions-
autocomplete.png)

#### 5,000+  
Actions

### Write your own, or import Actions from the open source community, all
within our world-class editor. Feeling stuck? Browse the Actions developer
docs as you code.

[Explore the Actions Marketplace  ](/marketplace/actions)

![The Actions Marketplace is available inline alongside the GitHub Actions
workflow
editor](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/actions-
editor-actions.png)

![The Actions Marketplace is available inline alongside the GitHub Actions
workflow
editor](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/actions-
editor-sidebar.png)

![The GitHub Actions workflow
editor](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/actions-
editor.png)

### You can have it all. Run actions in any language or operating system, on
Linux, macOS, Windows, ARM, and containers. Or all at once with matrix builds.

  * ![Linux](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-linux.svg)
  * ![macOS](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-apple.svg)
  * ![Windows](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-windows.svg)
  * ![ARM](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/logos/platform-arm.svg)

![Actions build
workflow](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-
workflow-build.png)

![Actions build
workflow](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-
workflow-test-tab.png)

![Actions build
workflow](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-
workflow-test.png)

![Actions build
workflow](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-
workflow-publish-tab.png)

![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-workflow-
spinner.svg)
![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-workflow-
spinner.svg)
![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-workflow-
spinner.svg)

![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-workflow-
success.svg)
![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-workflow-
success.svg)
![](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-workflow-
success.svg)

![Actions publish
workflow](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-
workflow-publish.png)

![Actions workflow
canvas](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/matrix-
workflow-canvas.png)

![Large representation of the indicator that a workflow is successfully
completed](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/icons/actions-
check.svg)

![Large representation of the indicator that a workflow is
running](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/actions-
spinner.svg)

### With 70 million jobs run per month you’re in good company with Actions,
the number one CI service on the world’s largest developer platform.

### Speaking of automation, Dependabot keeps your projects up to date with
automated pull requests that update all your dependencies. Just review and
merge to keep your software secure.

[Learn more about Dependabot  ](https://docs.github.com/github/managing-
security-vulnerabilities/configuring-dependabot-security-updates)

![Automated pull request that updates a dependency in your
repository](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/dependabot-
pr.png)

![Merge pull request on
GitHub](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/dependabot-
merge.png)

## Find and fix vulnerabilities before you merge

[Learn more about advanced security  ](/features/security)

  * ### Secure your code as you write it. CodeQL’s code scanning automatically reviews every change to your codebase and identifies known vulnerabilities before they ever reach production.

![Step 3](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codeql-
step-3.png)

![Step 2](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codeql-
step-2.png)

![Step 1](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codeql-
step-1.png)

![Code injection
alert](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/codeql-
description.png)

  * Vulnerabilities found
  * ![@jasonetco](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jasonetco) Fixed deserialized data security vulnerability
  * ### Keep your secrets. We automatically scan repositories for OAuth tokens, API keys, personal tokens, and more. If we find one, we’ll notify you and the partner that issued it to invalidate the secret.

![An alert of found secret committed to the
repository](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/secret-
alert.png) ![List of exposed secrets found in the
repository](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/secret-
list.png)

  * OAuth token found
  * ![@jasonetco](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/jasonetco) Replaced OAuth token with a key vault value

### Found a vulnerability? Our security advisory remediation tools help
developers identify and disclose them responsibly so maintainers can patch
them in dedicated, private workspaces.

![Distributed security
alerts](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/security-
alert-fan.svg)

## The home for  
all developers—  
including you

  * #####  Beta

###  GitHub Discussions is dedicated space for your community to come
together, ask and answer questions, and have open-ended conversations.

[ Learn how to get started with Discussions
](https://docs.github.com/discussions)

![Technical question from the Gatsby
community](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/community-
discussions-1.png)

![Answered
checkmark](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/discussions-
answered-check.svg) ![Floating
checkmark](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/discussions-
check.svg) ![Floating
checkmark](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/discussions-
check.svg) ![Floating
checkmark](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/discussions-
check.svg)

![Answer to the technical question from the Gatsby
community](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/community-
discussions-2.png)

  * ###  Amplify your voice in your own personal README on your profile. Tell the story of your work through your repositories, contributions, and technologies of choice. 

![GitHub profile README for
@M0nica](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/community-
readme-1.png)

![GitHub profile README for
@ethomson](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/community-
readme-2.png)

  * ![@sophshep](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/sophshep) **sophshep** started sponsoring you for **$10/month** 2x 3 days ago
  * ![@joshaber](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/joshaber) **joshaber** started sponsoring you for **$10/month** 5x 2 days ago
  * ![@pmarsceill](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/pmarsceill) **pmarsceill** started sponsoring you for **$25/month** 2 days ago
  * ### That open source code you wrote for yourself might just help someone else. Get paid for building what matters to you with GitHub Sponsors.

#### Support the projects you depend on, too.

### 100% to developers, zero fees

[Learn more about Sponsors  ](/sponsors)

![Floating
heart](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/sponsors-
heart.svg) ![Floating
heart](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/sponsors-
heart.svg) ![Floating
heart](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/sponsors-
heart.svg) ![GitHub profile card for the Homebrew
organization](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/community-
sponsor-1.png)

![Floating
heart](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/sponsors-
heart.svg) ![Floating
heart](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/sponsors-
heart.svg) ![Floating
heart](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/sponsors-
heart.svg) ![GitHub profile card for
@prophen](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/community-
sponsor-2.png)

![Illustration of the evolution of development by
octocats](https://github.githubassets.com/images/modules/site/home/footer-
illustration.svg)

## Make your contribution

Small experiments, inspired inventions, and the software everyone depends
on—the code you write on GitHub can reach one codebase or millions.

[Sign up for
GitHub](/join?ref_cta=Sign+up+for+GitHub&ref_loc=footer+launchpad&ref_page=%2F)
[Contact
Sales](https://enterprise.github.com/contact?ref_page=/&ref_cta=Contact%20Sales&ref_loc=footer%20launchpad)

[ ![Tensorflow](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/tensorflow)

tensorflow/tensorflow

An Open Source Machine Learning Framework for Everyone

](/tensorflow/tensorflow)

[ ![Gatsby](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/gatsbyjs)

gatsbyjs/gatsby

Build blazing fast, modern apps and websites with React

](gatsbyjs/gatsby)

[ ![Home Assistant](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/home-assistant)

home-assistant/core

🏡 Open source home automation that puts local control and privacy first

](home-assistant/core)

[ ![The Rust Programming Language](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/rust-
lang)

rust-lang/rust

Empowering everyone to build reliable and efficient software.

](/rust-lang/rust)

[ ![Flutter](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/flutter)

flutter/flutter

Flutter makes it easy and fast to build beautiful apps for mobile and beyond.

](/flutter/flutter)

[ ![Kubernetes](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes)

kubernetes/kubernetes

Production-Grade Container Scheduling and Management

](/kubernetes/kubernetes)

[ ![Kubernetes](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/apple)

apple/swift

The Swift Programming Language

](/apple/swift)

[ ![Ansible](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/ansible)

ansible/ansible

Ansible is a radically simple IT automation platform.

](/ansible/ansible)

[ ![Hashicorp](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/hashicorp)

hashicorp/terraform

Terraform enables you to safely and predictably create, change, and improve
infrastructure.

](/hashicorp/terraform)

[ ![Oh my zsh](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/ohmyzsh)

ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh

🙃 A delightful community-driven framework for managing your zsh configuration.

](/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh)

[ ![Facebook](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/facebook)

facebook/react

A declarative, efficient, and flexible JavaScript library for building user
interfaces.

](/facebook/react)

[ ![npm](https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/npm)

npm/cli

The package manager for JavaScript

](/npm/cli)

[ ](/)

## Product

  * [Features](/features)
  * [Security](/security)
  * [Team](/team)
  * [Enterprise](/enterprise)
  * [Customer stories](/customer-stories)
  * [The ReadME Project](/readme)
  * [Pricing](/pricing)
  * [Resources](https://resources.github.com)
  * [Roadmap](https://github.com/github/roadmap)

## Platform

  * [Developer API](https://docs.github.com)
  * [Partners](http://partner.github.com/)
  * [Atom](https://atom.io)
  * [Electron](http://electronjs.org)
  * [GitHub Desktop](https://desktop.github.com/)

## Support

  * [Help](https://docs.github.com)
  * [Community Forum](https://github.community)
  * [Professional Services](https://services.github.com/)
  * [Learning Lab](https://lab.github.com/)
  * [Status](https://githubstatus.com/)
  * [Contact GitHub](https://github.com/contact)

## Company

  * [About](https://github.com/about)
  * [Blog](https://github.blog)
  * [Careers](/about/careers)
  * [Press](/about/press)
  * [Social Impact](https://socialimpact.github.com/)
  * [Shop](https://shop.github.com)

  * [ Twitter ](https://twitter.com/github "GitHub on Twitter")
  * [ Facebook ](https://www.facebook.com/GitHub "GitHub on Facebook")
  * [ YouTube ](https://www.youtube.com/github "GitHub on YouTube")
  * [ LinkedIn ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/github "GitHub on Linkedin")
  * [ GitHub ](https://github.com/github "GitHub's organization")

  * © 2020 GitHub, Inc.
  * [Terms](/site/terms)
  * [Privacy](/site/privacy)
  * [Site Map](/site-map)
  * [What is Git?](/git-guides)

You can’t perform that action at this time.

You signed in with another tab or window. [Reload]() to refresh your session.
You signed out in another tab or window. [Reload]() to refresh your session.

